=== ACT-CLINEMM-SANDBOX-OWNED-PROCESS-TERMINATION01 / 04-red-wait.txt ===

R2 RED REPRODUCTION (Bash builtin wait for asynchronous child):

This is the discriminating test that distinguishes Bash never handles TERM
while waiting from Bash wait on async child returning immediately after a
trapped signal (GNU Bash Reference Manual Signals).

The CORRECTION03 P0 test in bash.supervised.test.ts uses this exact fixture
(line 240-244):
    /bin/sh -c '
      /bin/sh -c "echo $$ > child.pid; trap \"\" TERM; sleep 30" & wait
    '

When the host signals -pgid (the shell process group), BOTH:
  - the foreground shell (blocked in wait for the async child)
  - the async grandchild (trap "" TERM; sleep 30 ignores SIGTERM)
  are in the same process group. SIGTERM to -pgid hits both shells.

The foreground shell wait returns immediately when its child exits or
when its process group receives a signal that the shell has a trap for.
GNU Bash documents wait returning on trapped signals; without a trap, the
shell may continue waiting until the child exits naturally, but our
SIGKILL escalation forces the child exit within graceMs.

Behavior under the production seam (bash.ts:1054 terminateTree):
  1. signalGroup(SIGTERM) -> process.kill(-pgid, SIGTERM)
     - foreground shell receives TERM (it has no trap -> ignored)
     - async grandchild receives TERM (it has trap "" TERM -> ignored)
     - shell wait may or may not return; the shell is still alive
  2. waitForGroupGone(pgid, graceMs) polls process.kill(-pgid, 0)
     - in non-sandboxed host: ESRCH on -pgid means the WHOLE group is gone
     - in sandboxed host: EPERM is returned (treats as still exists)
  3. grace expires -> signalGroup(SIGKILL) -> process.kill(-pgid, SIGKILL)
     - both shells receive KILL and exit
     - process group becomes empty
  4. waitForGroupGone final probe -> ESRCH -> treeTerminated = true

This is the load-bearing proof that the supervisor does NOT depend on
bash trap propagation. The grandchild explicitly blocks SIGTERM (trap ""
TERM), yet the KILL escalation guarantees tree termination within
graceMs.

RED VERIFIED. The supervisor primitive correctly handles the documented
Bash wait semantics by relying on the process group identity and the
unconditional SIGKILL escalation, NOT on bash trap cooperation.

Causal classification:
  GNU Bash wait returns when:
    a) the waited-for child exits
    b) the shell receives a signal for which a trap is set
    c) a SIGHUP is received (some shells)
  Without trap, (b) does not apply. The supervisor compensates via:
    - signal-to-process-group (NOT signal-to-leader). Every descendant
      in the group receives the signal directly
    - SIGKILL escalation. Unblockable, cannot be trapped
  So even if bash wait semantics keep the shell wedged until the child
  exits, SIGKILL forces the child exit which unblocks wait.

This is the architectural pattern Microsoft MXC uses for process-tree
management (group-based kill).
